Do you want a mouthful?
Here you are.
I think I found a way.
Good night.
The wine is mine.
He was a fellow soldier.
We took joint operation three times.
It means…
Means that if you...
Let's not
talk about that.
Drop the gun!
Any troubles? How are you?
What do you think?
Why didn't you tell me
when you would leave and back?
I spent three months in Libya.
and a month in North Uruk with Chengang
Unbelievable!
Why did you go such dangerous places?
This is the most dangerous of all.
My own wife is pointing a gun at me.
It’s the most dangerous.
Did you come back with Chengang?
Chengang has gone home.
When?
Solar power generation doesn't do any harm to the environment
and is a very safe and clean system.
It’s the peace reestablishment program
after the war was over.
The Haesung Group is the leading company
in the field of solar power generation.
It beats Germany
and won the construction rights
-to build the Mouru Power Plant. –Yes.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hi!
When I see a signboard written in Korean
in a foreign country,
I feel a lump in my throat.
Korean all love his country.
Wow. It's so cool.
I want to go up there.
It's something, isn't it?
Mr. Koh.
What is it?
Hello, Manager Jin.
He’s our manager.
I don't work for Haesung.
I'm Mr. Jin,
the chief manager of the Uruk Electric Power Corp.
My full name is Jin Yeong Soo, and my English name...
Jin Yeong Soo?
Richard. Jin Yeong Soo.
Jin Yeong Soo!
Let’s call your Korean name.
Manager Jin.
I don't want you to call me that.
Okay.
I'm not a labor worker
like Mr. Koh here.
I'm an employee of the Uruk Electric Power Corp
and I'm the general manager of this project.
Who's in charge of your team,
who's in a high rank enough to talk to me?
A professor or the team leader? Who’s that.
Let’s go.
No professors?
Hello.
I have good news and bad news.
The good news first.
The lead-poisoned kid?
I know his name. His name is Blacky.
Good.  What's the bad news?
Blacky has disappeared.
What?
When did you see him last?
Nine a.m.
After giving him an IV.
I went to get a snack.
He left this behind.
I think he meant "I'm going home."
Should we go out and look for him?
Are you Tarzan or something?
There’re all mountains, water, and forest outside.
Where can you find him?
So I asked Captain Yoo for help...
Why? No way! Don't even think about it.
He's already here.
Let me see the map.
Here.
This is what Blacky drew.
Blacky drew a map?
Yes. Do you know where it is?
Specter Lemur Woods and Cat Rock next to it.
Blacky is the name of the village.
This village right here.
Blacky was the name of a town?
You couldn't even find out his name?
Clench your teeth.
I'll find him.
I'll find him whatever it takes.
Is it far from here?
They come here to get snacks
and walk for about half a day.
I have an idea.
I want you and  Dr. Song
to take over the power plant.
I'll go find the kid.
By yourself?
Unclench.
I can't do it by myself.
I need someone who knows how to get there.
Do you mind?
We'll leave in 10 minutes.
Keep your eyes on the road.
This is the only road.
You can't miss it.
Good to know.
Did you sleep well last night?
I couldn't, because of you.
About last night...
I'm trying not to talk about it.
Can't you tell?
Why don't you want to talk about it?
I'm a little confused.
Until I clear my head,
I'll avoid the subject.
You can avoid the subject or get mad at me.
But don't think it was a spur-of-the-moment thing.
I hesitated about a thousand times
before I finally did it.
He's over there. That kid.
Once in the morning.
Once in the evening. Okay?
Thank you.
She said thank you, right?
She wouldn't have said,
"get out."
Aren't they the kids who were picking up scrap iron?
You have a good memory.
That's why I don't forget things.
Like what?
Anything.
Please don't try to say
or do things to impress me.
Do all the soldiers here get
top-of-the-line supplies like these?
There’re soldiers from others countries.
To make you not to be surpassed by them,
Korean companies donate these items.
That's so nice of them.
By the way, is Commander Yoon doing okay?
He's fine, sir.
I feel a special connection with Commander Yoon.
I get to have you on foreign soil like this.
Unbelievable.
Excuse me, sir. Can I answer this?
It's rather important.
Sure. Go ahead.
Take it.
Is it Commander Yoon?
It's more important than that.
Bye, sir.
Yes?
Go ahead.
He ate dinner at 19:00,
went to the gym at 20:00 and worked out with his dumbbells
while increasing the weight by 5 kilograms.
He went to his barracks at 21:00,
chatting with his fellow soldiers,
and at 21:30, he went to...
He went where?
At 21:40,
I made eye contact with him.
Really?
I'm so jealous!  What else?
He's walking toward me.
One, two...
What should I do now?
What do you think?
You should hang up. Hang up.
But Lieutenant Yoon is a lieutenant
and you're only a staff sergeant.
When you're exposed by your enemy during espionage,
what's the first thing you do?
Blow myself up?
Listen to the order.
Do as asked. You idiot!
What did I tell you to do?
At least I heard his voice today.
You can hang up now. Thank you.
Thank you. Ma'am!
I'm sorry.
Kim Beom Rae!
Yes, sir!
Laps around the drill grounds
or instant noodles?
I'll cook instant noodles.
Use your sweat instead of water.  Run!
Let me have a shower first, then.
By the way, you have a letter. Sir!
Some really good wine just came in.
Just let me know if you want some.
I can see why you chose this restaurant.
Sergeant Seo was a regular here.
My favorite place is the PX. (POST EXCHANGE)
I love instant food.
I don’t believe you.
Thank you anyway. This is on me.
Okay.
Since it’s my treat,
can I ask you a rather sensitive question?
I've been wondering why did you become a soldier?
Don't tell me it was the uniform reason.
Someone has to do it.
I don't think you like what I do.
That's why you're confused.
You must be really patriotic
to risk your life for your country.
What is patriotism?
You love your country
and are loyal to your nation...
Only soldiers do that?
I don't know
what’s the meaning of patriotism,
but I believe I need to protect children,
beautiful ladies, and senior citizens.
When I meet high school kids smoking on the street,
I’ll raise my courage to say something though I’m scared.
I need to say no to injustice,
even if my life is endangered.
I keep my pride as a soldier.
That's what I believe patriotism is.
Let me ask you something.
If I weren't a soldier
but a mediocre man with rich parents,
would it have been easier between us?
No. I don't like mediocre men.
Right?
I forgot to add
"handsome."
Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
I'm UN. UN.
I paid. Let's go.
Can you find the hardware store
we went to before?
You told me where it is.
Turn at the corner and cross the street.
Right.
You can find it on your own, right?
What's going on?
I need to work in the afternoon.
Then rent a car and go  back.
I'll call the hardware store.
Can I ask what's going on?
I need to go to headquarters.
Thank you for buying me lunch.
Is it about the president of the Arab?
Are you in trouble?
I'm in trouble
because of my report.
We're civil servants during peacetime.
Right.
Let's go. I'll escort you.
Hello?
Ye Hwa!
Anybody?
Oh my!
Doctor Kang?
Captain Yoo called me.
Right. Nice to meet you.
I'm Kang Mo Yeon.
I'm Daniel.
I'm half Korean.  Pardon my awkward pronunciation.
If you find it funny, go ahead and laugh.
Your pronunciation is fine.
Are you a  Dr.?
I do surgery, fix things,
and even deliver calves once in a while
You need a car?
I think we've met before.
You don't seem very surprised.
How is a peacekeeper
threatening an unarmed civilian without a gun?
I shouldn't do that.
Not a civilian. Not unarmed.
I know you have connections with the cops.
Why do you keep showing up near me?
How many times do I have to tell you?
Aim to the back
if you're going to kill a man.
Cops! They're always on the side of money.
Always. Anywhere.
Long time no see, Lieutenant.
I guess you're a captain now.
Captain Argus?
Argus gangs?
Well, let me know if there's any problem.
Okay, bye.
I think the local gang members caused some trouble.
Here are the car keys.
Did anyone get hurt?
If they needed a  Dr., they would've contacted me.
Would you like a cup of tea?
Thank you.
By the way, how do you know Captain Yoo?
Well... That's tough to say.
You could call us "funeral buddies."
In Iraq, in Afghanistan, and even here in Uruk,
we meet each other
at funerals all the time.
I know it's a sensitive question to ask
but I don't think I'll have another chance.
Do you know what Captain Yoo Shi Jin
does exactly?
Lieutenant Yoo Shi Jin!
Serial Number 05-10051.
The Special Warfare Command of the Korean Army.
Lieutenant Yoo Shi Jin!
What's the UN's radio code?
Serial Number 05-10051.
In English!
The Special Warfare Command of the Korean...
Clear!  Lieutenant Yoo is okay.  We're retreating.
There's another soldier in the basement.
I think he's the captain of Delta Team.
We don't have time. There will be a bomb in five minutes.
Since we don't have time, let's hurry up.
The injured soldier's on board.
Get on. Let's go home.
Why are you...
Changed jobs.
As you can see.
Now I can grow my hair out.
Luckily, the jobs are pretty much the same.
Shooting guns
and making money.
What happened to you?
Your code sign is still legendary in Delta Force.
Being a legend doesn't pay.
Listen carefully, Captain!
There are many bad gangs in this neighborhood.
And they have no fear.
No rules. No honor.
They've got no country to serve.
This is your last warning.
Mind your own business.
Even back then and now,
you're far too empathetic.
You're right.
I shouldn't have gone against Allah.
I guess there was a reason why you were dying.
You hide behind your language?
For god's sake!
Piss off!
Don't you dare come near me.
Or else
you're going to have to pay the price.
Anything else you want to know?
No.
That's more than enough.
More than enough for what?
To understand him or
to stay away from him?
Oh my god!
Hello? Hello?
Captain Yoo!
Doctor Kang. You followed instructions.
You got the car?
Where are you?
I'm done now and I'm going to leave.
Help! Please help!
Where are you?
What do you see?
Tell me what you see now.
Car.
My car is caught at the edge of a cliff.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
Hang in there. I'll be right there.
I'll find you.
Hello? Hello?
Yoo Shi Jin. Don't hang up!
Help me! Anybody?
Please help!
So, mom…
You have a pension plan and a savings account.
Claim them when they mature, okay?
I'm sorry that I said mean things to you.
I love you, mom.
And…
you know the building I signed a contract for?
You have to get the refund.
Say goodbye to Tae Won for me.
I want you two...
This sucks.
Am I going to die like this?
Yoo Shi Jin!
Don't move!
Open the windows!
You can't come to the front seat.
The car's leaning forward! It'll fall.
Lean back as much as you can.
The ground won't hold.
I'm going to let this car go over the cliff.
What? No! Don't!
Look at me!
I can't.
Look at me, Doctor Kang.
Look into my eyes.
Trust me
and hold me tight.
Close your eyes.
I'll save you. I promise.
No.
Take your foot off the brake.
No! I really can't.
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
Cough.
Do you feel any pain?
Yes. I feel pain everywhere.
You crazy!
How could you drop the car off the cliff like that?
You're crazy! Completely crazy!
It's unstable! This is terrible!
I'm okay.
You have enough energy to hit me,
so I think you're okay.
Let's go.
Hold on. I can't get up.
I'm not a soldier.
Do you know how terrified I was?
I thought I was going to die.
I can't let you go off on your own.
I sent you off alone and you ended up hanging off a cliff.
If you take a train alone,
where will you end up?
Stop it! I don't have the energy to laugh.
Sir!
Okay.
Put this on.
I can see thorough your clothes.
Why didn't you give it to me earlier?
I've already seen everything.
I don't want any other guys to see.
Get some rest.
Hey!
Who are you?
Where's the boss?
Mansions got a new owner.
But the deal still stays the same.
I don't care.
As long as I get my money.
Here.
Because all Korean men go into the military,
they instantly feel like my brothers.
Next delivery.
Within a week.
But it used to be 10 days.
One week.
Yes.
You crazy idiot!
You don't think I know
where you take your naps?
You idiot.
I won't work overtime. I don't need the money.
Are you the owner of this company?
If you want to do whatever you want,
you quit. You stupid jerk!
Damn.
Just wait and see.
When I go back to Korea,
I'll report you to the labor board.
Mr. Koh! Mr. Koh!
Quick!
Safety first! Safety first!
He's here!
That son of a...
Shut your mouth!
Oh my! Thank you, Mr. Jin.
I could've sent an employee.
You didn't have to go to the border
to get the material yourself.
By the way, where's the driver?
Did you drive yourself?
He’s fired today.
Don't worry about it and keep working.
You have a deadline to keep.
Blood?
I brought some coffee. Would you like some?
Pervert!
Your underwear...
the black underwear.
It was navy.
You don't think I knew?
If he didn't become a soldier,
what would he be now?
Is that a question?
I was talking to myself.
If you need a sedative,
let me know.
I'll prescribe you one.
Are you terrified?
I was scared to dead.
Are you worried about me?
I sure am.
You saved my life.
You.
Because I saved your life, now you care about me.
Just now
you risked your life to save me.
Do you know that?
You told me to help you
when we first met.
You had to go through bullets to save your fellow soldier.
The story about Private Ryan.
It wasn't a joke, was it?
So, did you save Private Ryan?
The injured soldier's on board!
Get on! Let's go home!
Please.
Please hang in there.
I did save him.
What if I did not?
I regretted for the first time today.
When you
sent me to Daniel earlier,
you lied to me, right?
Come to think of it. if you'd gone to headquarters
you couldn't have
come to save me that quickly.
You lied about going to headquarters.
The gunshot I heard.
That was you, right?
I guess it made you feel more complicated.
Can't you just let me handle everything?
This is crazy.
If you do this
it'll make things more complicated.
It's a blackout.
The power supply is unstable here.
It'll come back on in 30 seconds.
If you do anything funny to me in the dark,
I'll scream.
Thank you
for saving my life today.
But still no funny business.
I get it. I give up.
Have you been staring at me like that all along?
Like what?
Penetrating eyes.
You've had your fair share of girls, right?
Pretty girls like funny guys.
Don't you see those soldiers
around me all the time?
You seem to enjoy watching them
running topless every morning.
That's the reason I live here.
Why did I save you?
By the way, what about the car?
I should call the hardware store first.
I already did,
and we'll pull up the car tomorrow.
Why did you have to
let the car fall in the water?
Sorry.  You saved my life.
I'm being selfish.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
I'll apologize to him and pay for the car.
Have faith in Daniel.
He can fix anything.
Really?
The walkie-talkies you asked for.
He knows well how to use them.
Why walkie-talkies?
They're more useful than cell phones here.
In case the cell phone doesn't work,
like yesterday.
Thank you.
How much do I owe you?
For these?
No. For the car.
I'll try to fix it first.
Can you fix it?
Even if I do,
it won't be the same.
I could've been nice to her.
I couldn't paint her a nice color
or put expensive gasoline...
The expensive gasoline it likes.
Fighting.
You might not see these walkie-talkies again.
If you have anything to say, now's your chance.
The medical team is channel seven.
You can start using it.
Three is our channel.
When you talk, press this PTT button.
Wait for about one second.
This is Big Boss.
We need medical support, over.
Like this.
Is Big Boss your nickname?
It's a call sign. What about yours?
Well... I don't know.
I…
Pretty Girl?
Please stop.
You look like one.
What?
I'm not a pretty girl, but I look like one?
Sometimes.
Sometimes?
You…
Ah…
Can I interrupt you two lovebirds?
What are you doing here
instead of at headquarters?
I'm here to marry you.
Hey! Don't try to scare me like that!
Did I actually scare Yoo Shi Jin?
I'm here to report, sir!
Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo was ordered to support
the medical services team
in Company Mouru
on May 28th, 2015.
Therefore, I'm reporting to you.
Sir!
Why do I suspect someone powerful
was behind this transfer?
It's not easy for me to live
with an unjust advantage like this.
I'll let you two talk.
Why don't we say hi to each other?
Let's put everything
behind us and work together.
I have no hands to shake.
I don't want to put things behind us either.
I was wondering.
What's the relationship between you and Doctor Kang?
Did you bump into Mo Yeon accidentally
or have you been seeing each other
and pretended this was a coincidence?
I'm not you.
Besides, show respect to Doctor Kang.
She's your senior at school.
You just knew each other.
How can you side with her?
Don't avoid my question and answer me.
What’s your relationship?
Don't get too close to her..
I don't want her to be my-sister-in-law
What kind of family tree is that?
You said you came here to marry me.
You're right.
Anyway.
Are you alright?
Shh!
Commander Yoon called.
He told me to take good care of you.
Are you going to take good care of me?
I'm going to torture you,
so you can leave voluntarily.
You're only going to be here for a few days.
I heard you're going home early
due to your father's retirement ceremony.
Did Commander Yoon pull some strings?
Strings?
How dare you?
It is consideration, you idiot!
Commander Yoon really likes you.
You'll end up being his son-in-law.
That’s why you should thank me.
You could've been my wife if not for me.
I might just marry you.
Are you threatening me now?
I'm sorry.
I made a mistake.
Have you spoken
to Sergeant Seo?
What do you think?
He's not answering my calls.
He's not answering your calls?
He's answering mine.
He called me a lot.
Hey, Sergeant Seo!
Did he answer?
Why didn't you take the calls?
He's not answering.
Do you want to leave a message?
I'll give you one minute
to use up all the ammo.
Don't miss your target!
Fire!
There are three absolute imperatives.
When you're ordered to attack,
only move forward.
When you're ordered to defend,
never retreat.
When you're ordered to stand by…
You have three bullets left.
When you're ordered to stand by,
don't even move a muscle.
That's what the absolute imperatives are all about.
Orders for soldiers come before your lives.
That's the duty of the Special Forces that you've chosen.
Sir!
It's a call from the Commander.
This is the end of today's training.
Dismissed!
Dismissed.
Are there any soldiers
you can recommend for Alpha Team?
I'll write a report
after the five-week training session is over.
The legendary instructor from hell has returned.
Choose a few officers
and train them to be team leaders.
With this incident in Uruk, I think Yoo Shi Jin
should come back and build his career
at the Army Headquarters or the Ministry of Defense
to build up his connections.
Yes, sir!
Myung Joo thought my orders regarding you
are unfair.
What's your point?
I feel the same way as Lieutenant Yoon.
I'll accept the investigation.
Report me if you want.
That won't happen, sir!
Because I
lost this fight.
Yeah?
You hold the weapon that I can never beat.
It's sincerity.
You're sincerely worried about her future,
and you sincerely feel I'm not suitable for her.
Unfortunately,
I agree with you on the matter.
That's why I can't beat you in this fight.
For the lieutenant,
I chose to lose.
I'm writing this letter hoping
that you won't be able to read it.
If you're reading this letter,
you and I miss each other again.
That means that my father gave you an order to run away from me again.
I'm sorry
that I'm someone who's in your way.
Yet I still ask you how you are,
and you won't be able to find an answer.
We're far away from each other like this.
I'm sorry
that I had to go where you were,
even knowing this would happen.
I wish I could hold your hand
and hug you more.
Because I still love you so much.
Even if you don't ever get to read this letter.
I'd rather
be with you in Uruk right now.
So? How did it go?
Are we back together?
Or
are we still far apart?
Excuse me. Are you the new army surgeon?
An intern from Haesung Hospital?
I have a baby face,
but I'm in my first year of residency.
Can I ask you something?
I need to join the army soon.
Do they give army surgeons guns?
Army surgeons are still soldiers.
What if a war breaks out?
Do you treat the enemy soldiers?
Army surgeons are still  Dr.s.
So cool.
Are you hitting on me?
What?  Don't get me wrong.
I think it's a cool dilemma
that army surgeons have.
Besides,
you're not that pretty.
I'm not?
Oh my! You have an eye for women.
So proud of you. We have a meeting.
Okay.
Look at you guys from Haesung Group.
What's all that?
Are you asking a question or trying to pick a fight?
You're only here
for 15 days to give vaccines
and take a few pictures.
Did you have to bring all that stuff?
It's like you bought a designer brand bag to
pack lunch for your child on a school picnic day.
Thank you for comparing me to a designer brand bag.
You're a lunch box.
What you're looking at is a Medical Zone,
a state-of-the art field hospital.
The reason we brought all that stuff
in this fifteen-day trip
is because we'll donate it to the UN.
Is there a problem, Lieutenant Yoon?
I'm not sure if I should answer that.
I'm kind of busy. Bye.
What a rude woman!
She can hear you.
I wanted her to hear me.
She's pretending she didn't.
I won. Let's go.
Are you sure you won?
Why? Why do you think you won?
Get more Bioflor
and Entelon pills.
Today, Ms. Ha and...
Any volunteers on duty for me?
No.
Then I'll gladly be on duty.
That's everything.
Any questions?
By the way, why do we have meetings here
instead of the Medical Zone?
Who wants to move that thing to the Medical Zone?
Not me.
This is Housemother B.
Pretty Girl, respond. Over.
This is really fun.
This is Pretty Girl. Over!
What's for lunch? Over!
I'll check and let you know. Over!
I'll let you know what today's lunch is.
Can we talk? Over!
Pretty Girl. See you later.
See you later.
Bye.
What is it?
Is it okay for you to talk to me like this?
Why not?
Your fiancée won't like it. Don't you think so?
Where are you going? Let's talk.
I don't want to.
About Captain Yoo and Doctor Kang.
There must be something between them.
Like what?
Like something that you and I have?
What do you and I have? A grudge?
A grudge?
I hate Ha Ja Ae. I hate Ha Ja Ae.
I hate Ha Ja Ae.
What a five-year-old!
Cover it.
It can’t work.
Don't pronounce her death yet.
I'm the Dr. here.
You know what?
You look like a hardware store owner.
I am a hardware store owner.
But I find you sexier
when you're holding a scalpel than a wrench.
Only girls from the East think that way.
In the West, girls love guys
in overalls holding a wrench.
That's just silly.
Door. Bring me the door.
This is the Space. This is the Space.
NASA! Come in! NASA! Come in!
Roger. This is NASA. What's going on?
We have a problem with the power plant.
We're running out of mosquito repellant.
Calm down and hang in there.
We'll send some over soon. Over.
Copy that. We'll try to survive without it.
Here you are.
Clear!
This is Fried Chicken.
Are you there, Pretty Girl?
Sing a song for the injured soldiers here. Over!
Copy that. Over.
This is Pretty Girl and I
just got back from my world tour.
Under the blue sky
The field is full of flowers
The sun has risen over
The new world
You and I are here to
Serve our country.
To obtain freedom and peace
I'll sacrifice
My youth and my life
What's the cake for?
What's the occasion?
Come this way, ma'am.
I was going to send someone for you.
It's a going-away party.
Who's leaving?
It's the Captain's going-away party.
Captain...
Captain Yoo?
Yes.
Captain Yoo's leaving tomorrow.
How could he leave without saying anything to me?
Unbelievable!
How can he do that?
It's 20:30. Shift change.
Keep in service.
Copy that.
Yoo Shi Jin, how can you do this to me?
How can you do this
without saying anything...
This is Big Boss.
Oh my!
If anyone has Doctor Kang from the medical team in sight, report to me.
I'm right here. What do you want?
Dr. Kang?
Why are you using the army channel?
Are you a spy?
We need to talk.
Where are you?
I'm going home tomorrow.
I guess you already knew.
Yes, I do.
I'm the last one to find out
out of everyone in the barracks.
I was going to tell you yesterday,
but you ran away. Remember?
You should've stopped me.
You even saved Private Ryan.
You should've stopped me and told me.
You're mad at me.
I don't know why,
but I should be happy.
Am I right?
You're wrong.
Are you still confused?
Right.
Let me ask you one thing.
Because this might be my last chance.
When I kissed you
without your permission…
Can you not bring that up until...
What should I do?
Do you want me to apologize? Or confess?
Next Episode
I drank it with Dr. Kang.
Did everything go well?
I just miss you so much.
When do you finish?
Can I ask you something?
Do you have feelings for Shi Jin?
Where's Captain Yoo?
Captain Yoo left last night.
A strong 6.7 magnitude earthquake...
The power plant has collapsed.
We don't know who's alive from the medical team.
I hate you, Yoo Shi Jin.
I can't even beg you to stay.
This is Captain Yoo Shi Jin from Alpha Team.
Put anyone who knows the situation in Mouru through.
Don't hang up and do it now!